Feature bundled specs command (#116)
python-microservices/pyms: docs/command_line.md

```

See [Encrypt/Decrypt Configuration](encrypt_decryt_configuration.md) for more information

## Merge swagger into a single file

Command: 

```bash
pyms merge-swagger [-h] [-f FILE]
```

```bash
optional arguments:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  -f FILE, --file FILE  Swagger file path
```

> This command use [prance](https://github.com/jfinkhaeuser/prance) to validate the API specification and generate a single YAML file. Has an optional argument to indicate the main file path of the API specification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command uses [prance](https://github.com/jfinkhaeuser/prance) to validate the API specification and generate a single YAML file. It has an optional argument to indicate the main file path of the API specification.
```

Author: done

!!! warning

>     You must run first `pip install prance==0.18.2`

Reviewer: In this doc there's no mention of the additional dependencies that the commands might need, I wouldn't put it here for consistency.

> !!! warning
>     You must run first `pip install prance==0.18.2`

Reviewer: In this doc there's no mention of the additional dependencies that the commands might need, I wouldn't put it here for consistency. 
```suggestion
```

Author: removed
